- (Nora):
Previously on Being Human.
(Screams)
- There's something after me.
Something that I let loose
into my world.
Reaper!
- Yes?
- Hegeman and I were
to share a ride home together.
And now he's missing.
(Growling)
- I know that it's my wolf!
- She just wants to run free.
- Oh my God!
(Screaming)
- A man named William Cart
was found dead
at his worksite last week.
And he's an ex of
your girlfriend's.
- Nora killed her ex boyfriend.
And I need your vampire cop
to help make all this go away.
Cecilia, right?
Want if I can get you the wolves
who killed Hegeman?
Her address is in there too.
- Whatever happened
to wolves running in packs?
- I'm not one of them.
(Werewolf growling)
- (Nora): From the moment
we're born,
we're put into categories.
(Growling)
We spend so much of our lives
trying to define ourselves.
But the truth is,
there are only 2 categories...
predator and prey.
- Aidan!
- They're coming.
- How many are there?
- Four.
- We cannot survive four!
- Shhh! Atlee, listen to me.
We have to be strong
for Hegemen.
(Werewolf growling)
Nora?
- Once you choose
which side you're on,
can you live with
the consequences?
- Nora?
Oh God, are you...
What did we do?
(Tap squeaking, water stopping)
- Why is the bathroom mirror
calling me a whore?
- I have no idea.
- Ok so there's this extremely
lame Poltergeist homage
going on in the
kitchen right now.
So, Sally?
- What?
- OK, with the lights,
can we just--
I'm gonna have a seizure.
I'm literally--
- Guys, this isn't me.
I swear.
Why does everyone just
assume that it's my fault?
How do we know
that's even a ghost?
I think we've all collectively
pissed off enough people
to wage a short
but consequential war.
- Oh come on!
Don't look at me.
My people can't enter
without an invitation.
- Also, neither of us recently
played Maria von Tramp
to a group of ghostly
teenage wastelands.
- OK, those are my friends.
All right?
Except for that one guy
who tried to rape me.
But he's dead! Holla!
- OK, with the lights,
I'm gonna--
Honestly, I'm going to hurl.
- It's fine.
But you know what?
Please, just find a way
to make it stop!
- Sure!
(Door slams)
(Siren)
- Aidan.
- Atlee.
I didn't know that
you were in Boston.
- There is a situation.
- Could we meet
at the hotel later?
These hallways are not meant
for discussing business.
- I will never understand
the Boston clan
and your blatant
disregard for manners.
You are being evasive.
Same as Suren, same as Mother.
- I'm in the middle
of a workday.
- I believe you're aware of
Hegeman's disappearance?
Or should I say death?
- What makes you think
that Hegeman's dead?
- Let's not insult
each other's intelligence.
He was doing Mother's bidding
and then he was gone.
Nobody seems to know
what Mother asked of him.
But yours is the name
that continues
to surface in conversation.
- People talk.
Whatever you heard is
nothing more than idle gossip.
- Save for the fact
that you were present
for the slaughter of
our men at Bishop's.
- You mean the night that
I saved Hegeman's life?
- Which is why
you are still alive.
- I am not
the enemy, Atlee.
- Then you'll
surely understand.
Whoever killed Hegeman
will answer for it.
I'm not leaving Boston
without answers.
- Nora?
Hey.
- Hey.
- When did you get back?
I mean, assuming
that you are back.
- Last night.
Turns out it takes
exactly 16 days of
consecutive sick leave
before HR starts
threatening termination.
- Well...
(Clears throat)
That is an impossibly
stringent policy.
- Plus the Barn's Double B&B
doesn't allow pets.
And I doubt they'd appreciate
me turning tonight
in the guest room.
- It's on the Cape, right?
- Yeah.
- It's a nice place.
Was that a Connor
and Brynn thing?
- I wasn't with them, Josh.
- They said you
were in touch.
- I haven't talked to them
since I left.
It was just me
and the ocean
and a case,
multiple cases of Merlot...
trying to make sense
of the fact
that my wolf tore apart
my ex-boyfriend.
- Yeah, about--about that.
- Don't.
I got your messages.
And whatever happened with
the police investigation,
thank you.
- You should've called me.
- But I feel crappy enough
without you judging me.
- What?
(Sighs)
- I'm sorry.
It's just a lot
being back here.
To be honest...
I didn't know if
you'd wanna see me.
- Of course
I wanna see you.
I mean, maybe I'm not
ready in this moment,
but eventually...
- Eventually?
- Do you even comprehend?
Can you really comprehend
what you did?
How much you hurt me too?
- Wait. Where are
you turning tonight?
I'll be there.
- You don't have
to do that.
- I do.
I have to do something
to make this right.
- Hey.
- How do you think
the hospital would feel
about a missing
EEG machine?
- I think that if you're
trying to get fired,
there are more
sexy ways to do it.
At least tap into some
high-grade pharmaceuticals.
- I have a working
hypothesis about
how the cerebral cortex
evolves during the turn.
I could help--help Nora.
- She's back?
- Yeah.
Yeah, I messed her up, man.
(Sighs)
- It was an accident
and it happened months ago
and you can't keep punishing
yourself like this.
- I know, but I just
have to believe
that there's a way to make
things better, you know,
to fix it.
- What happened with
the murder investigation?
- Oh, uh...
Maybe they thought
it was a wild dog.
I don't know.
The whole case just
kind of disappeared.
- Like Cecilia?
- Cecilia your cop friend?
- Yeah. The one you asked about
to get the cops off your scent.
- Right, which you didn't.
- Yeah. I recall saying
something along the lines of
I didn't wanna see
you get yourself
in more trouble
with vampires.
- Something like that.
- Well, Cecilia also
magically disappeared,
and no one's heard
from her in days.
- Huh.
Well, you know, people
leave this time of year.
Tourists are exhausting
and the weather--
- If you know something,
you must tell me.
The last thing
I need right now
is another vampire
disappearing on my watch.
Josh, please.
- I may or may not
have given her
Hegeman's gun
to kill the twins.
- Why would Cecilia
wanna Kill the twins?
(Grunts)
- Because she may or may not
have been under the impression
that they were the purebred
wolves who killed Hegeman.
What was I supposed to do?
Tell her the truth?
Send her after Nora?
- Do you even
realize the level
of hypocrisy you
are operating under?
- I asked you for help!
- Shhh!
- I was protecting Nora.
If that makes me
a monster, so be it.
And you're one to talk.
Feeding live, preying on
my former fiance.
- This has nothing to do
with Nora or Julia.
This is has to do
with you and me.
- I agree!
- Anything happens
to Cecilia,
you'll be implicated in
not one, but two vampire deaths,
and I'm not even done cleaning
up the mess after the first one.
Now, I came to you and I told
you how deep I would have to go
and I asked you to
be there to pull me out,
not kick me in deeper!
(Breathing heavily)
That is not something
a friend would do!
(Thudding)
- OK, seriously, I know you're
all amped up or whatever
because you've just read
the Complete Idiot's Guide
to Poltergeisting...
but this house is not your
own personal practice space.
Thank you.
- (Danny): Sally!
How I love to watch you die!
- Danny.
- (Cecilia):
You know what to do.
(Beep)
- Cecilia, listen to me.
I know you talked to Josh.
Whatever you have planned,
call it off!
(Sniffing)
(Gasps, clears throat)
Gesundheit.
Sally, I don't have
time right now.
My break is almost up--
- I think Danny sent
a reaper to kill me.
Well, maybe not.
Maybe-- OK.
Either Danny sent
a reaper to kill me
or the reaper is
channelling Danny's voice
to scare the crap
out of me.
- And we're talking about
reapers because...
- Janet saw it too.
She was explaining it to Tim
and that's what she said it was.
- Area per?
- Yes! "
- OK! Good, good, good.
No, no, not good.
Who's Janet?
- The girl who's body
I used to...
- Oh God! OK, I just--
I need a version of this story
that starts with a beginning.
- I tried to sleep one day.
I had a nightmare
about my door
where I opened it and this
darkness came flying out.
And it's been
messing with me.
But it's only been me
until this morning
when it went all Bret
Michaels on the entire house.
Side note: you no longer
have a working microwave.
- What makes you
think it's Danny?
- I don't know who it is,
but it's relentless
and menacing
and it sounds just like Danny.
But it can't be Danny
because Danny's locked up.
- Hey, Sally.
(Sighs)
- "26-year-old inmate
Danny Angeli
"of Suffolk County State Prison
has died in custody.
"Authorities believe
he was killed overnight
"by his cellmate.
"Angeli was serving time
for one count of arson
"and one count of murder
in the third degree."
Holy crap!
- Forget the reaper.
It's Danny's ghost.
- He's coming for revenge.
- You know what?
Even if he is.
Even if he is, you take
a deep breath and you realize
that you've been a ghost
for quadruple the amount
of time that Danny has.
He's got nothing.
** He's got nothing on you
* He's got nothing on you *
- I appreciate
the Zen routine, I do.
But I need a concrete
plan of attack,
not a daily affirmation.
- Simple. Just think of
all you've learned
and how long it took
you to learn it.
There's no possible way
he can be stronger than you.
- I have pulled some pretty
badass moves lately.
- Exactly. I bet he doesn't even
know the trick about iron.
- Right! I mean, everybody
knows the trick about iron.
What's the trick about iron?
- It disperses
paranormal presence.
- Who makes up these rules?
- I don't know.
There's a poker in
the fireplace,
the skillet in
the kitchen--
- Stop! Stop! Just--
Let me get
something straight.
A wooden stake
has to be aimed directly
at your heart to kill you,
while I'm easily destroyed
upon contact with
a common household object?
- Not destroyed, dispersed.
Only for a bit.
It's like a taser.
- Oh, delightful!
- I get off work
in a little bit.
I will come straight home,
but you know what?
Don't be home alone.
There's a girl down the hall in 305
who just had her appendix taken out,
and she's marathoning
the original 90210.
I think "Donna Martin
graduates!" is up next.
And then I will come straight
home and we can do this.
- OK, yeah. Yeah,
we can kick his ass!
- Mm-hmm.
- And if he wants to play,
I say bring it.
That bastard's going down.
(Sighs)
- Oh! OK...
- Please don't leave
for that long again!
- No, I won't.
But you--you guys really
shouldn't be here.
- We were thinking
of going for drinks
before we turn tonight,
celebrate your return.
A new cocktail lounge opened.
They do insane things with acai.
- I'm meeting Josh tonight.
- Friend to friend --
I do think we're on that
level of honesty by now --
you can do better, Nora.
The guy's a tool.
He runs with a vampire.
- The guy's my boyfriend.
And I'm having enough trouble
trying to make things work
without you driving
a wedge between us.
You lied to him about talking
to me while I was gone,
as if things weren't
complicated enough right now.
- OK, wait, wait.
Yes, we lied.
But so did he.
- Did he even tell you how
Will's investigation went away?
- Josh, we need to talk.
- I wanted to talk
to you too, actually.
I noticed some--some
irregularity in my brain--
- Josh! Did Aidan really
send this cop Cecilia
to murder the twins?
- It's not exactly
what happened.
- You knew? And you didn't
try to stop him?
- He was acting as a friend.
- By trying to kill mine!
- This is Aidan!
He's not a terrorist.
He cares about you.
He did this for you!
You go off and you did
this horrible thing.
And then you
just disappeared.
What was he
supposed to think?
He thought you
were in danger.
- So you do think
what I did was horrible?
- You said it yourself,
You tore someone apart.
- Not by choice!
Instinctually.
- Oh! So is that why
you locked yourself up
for over 2 weeks,
to convince yourself that murder
is an acceptable instinct?
- We're wolves, Josh.
It's what we do!
We Kill.
- Well, by that logic,
so do vampires.
Vampires Kill.
Hell, all monsters Kill!
So how is what Aidan did any
different than you killing Will?
- What he did was personal.
- What he did was personal?
But you offing
your ex-boyfriend,
that's somehow not!
Where's the line, Nora?
Or do you just
make it up as you go?
Wow! You're messed up.
The twins really messed you up
worse than I thought.
- You think I'm messed up?
- Yes.
- I'll be turning tonight
with my friends in the shed.
(Cell phone ringing)
- Cecilia, where the hell
have you been?
- Cecilia's terribly sorry
for missing your call.
It's just that we've
been so wrapped up
in our own little world,
getting familiar.
Her backstory is fascinating.
Did you know that her mother
raised 7 children by herself?
I'm overwhelmed Just
thinking about the laundry.
- Who is this?
(Connor chuckles)
- I don't believe that we've
ever been formally introduced.
Well, my name is Connor McLean.
My sister Brynn and I go
a long way back with Josh.
- Mm-hmm, yeah.
Great, the twins.
Put Cecilia on the phone.
(Sighs)
(Grunts)
- Aidan, I made a mistake.
- Yeah, Aidan,
we're both gentlemen here,
so let's just face it.
This is between
you and us.
(Snickers)
No one else need be hurt,
certainly not Cecilia.
- Don't you dare
hurt her anymore.
- And we won't,
assuming that you meet us
in the woods tonight.
The scenery is just
exquisite during a full moon,
don't you think?
All right, what do
you think, Aidan?
Cecilia dies or you Google-Map
your bloodsucking ass
with the coordinates
I'm about to give you.
- Danny?
(Exhales)
Is that the best you got?
Poor thing.
You died in neon.
- Nice to see you too.
I thought about
you every day.
- I'm gonna give your
newbie ghost a beat-down
to right home about.
- You hear about that?
- Aidan...
- I became a ghost
in prison, sweetheart.
Think I didn't learn
your tricks and more?
- I'm sure it was
really badass
being strangled
by your cellmate.
(Laughing)
- You know, the funny
thing about you
is you keep talking and talking,
but I know the more you talk,
the more scared
you really are.
- Was it because you snored
or did you use
too much teeth?
- I don't need this
to kill you.
- Ah!
(Grunts)
Who are you?
- You know exactly who I am.
- Reaper.
- Atlee.
You were right.
They do know more.
There is a threat and it
must be handled delicately.
- Continue.
- The wolves who
murdered Hegeman
are running loose
around the city.
- The wolves?
- The twin wolves
who murdered Hegeman.
They turn in the woods
on the full moon,
but we can take them
together tonight
in the place where
they killed our brother.
I can't do this alone.
- And you shan't.
We'll avenge
Hegeman together.
These wolves...
one for me, one for you.
How can I be sure
you speak the truth?
- Atlee, we gotta
trust each other
if we're gonna
survive the night.
Purebreds are vicious.
- Purebreds?
Purebred wolves?
- Yes. You have dealt
with purebreds before?
- Don't be ridiculous.
What I meant was
they're overconfident,
vulnerable to
the element of surprise.
You draw the wolves
out of hiding,
bring them to me.
Then we can take them
both out together.
(Sighs)
- Wait for me here.
- I don't wanna fight.
Because I love you.
And I wanna be with
you more than anything.
Even if it means
turning in these
woods with them.
(Laughs)
- Bravo! Yeah, bravo!
- Shhh!
(Sniffs)
Our guest has arrived.
You can come in.
- What are you
doing here?
- He's here 'cause
he tried to have us killed.
- Aidan had nothing
to do with it.
- It was me. I sent Cecilia.
- What?
- Twist!
(Chuckles)
(Groans)
- We presumed
some kind of
indirect association,
but responsible?
Kind of perfect you
showed up when you did.
- (Josh): Aidan, get out!
- Oh, he can't leave yet.
We haven't explained the rules.
- Right.
- Rules for what?
- The vampire hunt.
The McLeans' version
of a fox hunt:
beast versus beast
in their truest form.
(Screaming)
- It's been played by
our family for centuries.
And since Boston is nothing if
not a city steeped in tradition,
we felt it only
right to share.
- Where is Cecilia!
- Well, the good news is
she's somewhere in the woods
with your vampire's gun.
The bad news is we
might find her first.
- But the best news
is that you might kill Josh,
or better yet,
Josh might kill you.
- Aidan, get out now!
(Werewolves groaning)
(Screaming)
(Both screaming)
(Both growling)
- So has it been you
the whole time?
Stalking me?
- Stalking sounds
SO unsavoury.
- I'm sorry.
Please help me put it
in a more appealing way.
- When people
live their lives
and do the various
bad things that they do,
they wonder:
"Will there be consequences?"
And the answer is yes.
- I knew not taking my door
was a bad thing.
- It did cause you to emerge
as a person of interest.
There's an order.
I come to those that create
imbalance in that order
and I get rid of them.
- And now you're
here for me.
I didn't pass up
my door on purpose.
I was... I was
saving my friend.
(Sighs)
- It is a conundrum.
The ones I normally
dispose of, they're more...
problematic.
- See? There's some
sketchy stuff going on,
way worse than me.
- You are an interesting case,
Sally Malik.
- What do you mean?
- You're... special.
- You really think so?
- I don't normally converse.
- I sense that.
- The chaos of the afterlife
needs to be contained every day.
Danny...
that helped set
things right for today.
But for tomorrow...
I think you can see
where I'm going with this.
- Just tell me
how much time I have.
- Aidan!
- They're coming.
- How many are there?
- Four.
- We cannot survive four!
- Shhh! Atlee,
listen to me.
We have to be
strong for Hegeman.
- Not when it's
my own funeral.
- You wanna return
to Pennsylvania a coward?
- I'd rather return
a coward than dead!
Godspeed, brother!
- I want you to take this.
It's a--a housewarming gift.
- A fern is
a housewarming gift.
- I can only do this,
live here with you,
if I know that I,
or it, won't hurt you.
I need a nuclear option.
It's silver.
- (Cecilia): Aidan!
Aidan!
(Snarling)
- Nora?
Josh, no.
(Roaring)
Come on, pal.
Let it go.
(Snarling)
(Yelps)
- Aidan, Aidan...
Aidan...
I've lost so much blood.
Is my body gonna heal?
(Growling)
- We're all right.
We're OK.
There is a way
out of this.
- The bullets
are in the shed.
- Come on, come on.
(Groans)
- I'll just
slow you down.
You know what
you have to do.
- (Aidan): No.
- Please.
Or we'll both die.
Run, Aidan.
Go, go.
(Screaming)
(Crickets chirping)
- Oh...
Have you just been
waiting for me?
- You came to me.
I knew you would.
- I've been thinking
about what you said.
And I want you to know
that you're wrong about me.
I'm not special.
- What are you then?
- I'm miserable.
When I was alive...
it never even
entered my mind
that I could exist on
another plane when I died
and watch everyone
move on without me...
and eventually
forget me.
When I met my roommates,
I thought:
"This is amazing.
It's easier now.
"We're in this together."
But then they moved on
without me too.
Everybody else has...
something else
to think about...
somebody else to be with.
And I have nothing.
So maybe it's time
to stop running.
What's it like
getting reaped?
Where do you go?
- You don't go.
It just ends.
It's almost dawn.
New day,
new quota to fill.
This has been nice.
But pleasantries don't
balance the universe.
I have to
take someone.
Make your arrangements.
(Birds chirping)
** How quickly it unfolds
* How far we fall
* Does it ever just
* Work out all right?
* Buried inside
* Sinking like stone
* Forget who I am
* Drifting away...
- Oh God!
Are you--
What did we do?
- It wasn't Aidan.
I remember that much.
- Who...
Wh--what was it?
- Does it matter?
Whatever it was is dead.
- What else
do you remember?
- You tried to save me.
- Uh...
All I've ever done...
all I've ever wanted
to do is protect you.
- I feel horrible
the morning after a turn.
- It gets easier,
the pain.
It dissipates with time
as your body gets
used to the change.
- No, Josh.
I feel horrible because
I'm no longer a wolf.
I wasn't hiding
on the Cape
because I was afraid
of what I did to Will.
I was hiding from the fact
that I didn't feel any remorse.
- Nora...
- You tried to
kill your pack.
And part of me is
having a hard time
forgiving you for that.
But there's also
a part of me that,
in some sick way,
is almost proud, Josh.
For one small moment,
you gave in to
your natural urge.
You gave in to the wolf.
- Would you listen
to yourself?
You're talking about
packs and urges?
- That's my reality, Josh.
And it's yours too.
- But it doesn't
have to be this way.
- Our relationship began
because you wanted
to feel more human.
You wanted to be human.
And that's the difference
between us.
You wanna be human...
and I don't think I do.
- So you'd give up on us?
You'd really give up
on us after all this?
- Josh, that night
in the woods,
the first time I turned,
maybe I saved your life...
but I was saved too.
(Sighs)
Where are you going?
We can do this
together, Josh.
- I'm gonna go get my stuff
out of the shed.
And then I'm gonna
get out of the woods.
And then I'm gonna forget
this night ever happened.
* Oh, and I forget who I am
* Forget who I am *
(Connor laughing)
- What a game!
Am I right, hmm?
I gotta say, I'm surprised
to see the two of you standing.
I mean, Nora I wasn't
too worried about.
But, Josh, you're scrappier
than I thought, man.
Respect.
And you!
(Chuckles)
You were a worthy
opponent, Cochise.
I mean, this guy,
he really took the--
(Nora gasps)
- No! No!
No! No!
(Brynn screaming)
- One more.
(Groaning)
Leave Boston now.
(Crying)
(Brynn screaming)
- (Brynn): No!
** I'm not too comfortable
* To fall from the start
* In these broken songs
* Like you said I should
* Like you understood...
- You survived, brother.
- No thanks to you.
Bring this home with you.
Tell whatever story you want.
You killed the wolf that killed
Hegeman. Call yourself a hero.
I don't care, 'cause
your business here is done!
* I'm not too comfortable
* To fall from the start...
- Remember that time...
(Sighs)
I never thought that I could
find friends like you.
(Sighs)
You guys are like my family.
Ugh! Vomit!
(Door closing)
* Singing broken songs...
(Sighs)
* Like you said I should...
- I never came back for you.
Sally, I'm sorry.
Are you OK?
(Door closing)
- Are you?
- Just a long night.
* But I'll build a home
* In these broken songs
* Like you said I should
* Like you understood
- Goodbye.
* I'm not too comfortable...
I'm ready.
* To fall from the start *
[ * * ]